hey I'm gingy from Dendy design com and
i'm here at swing boutique in harlem new
york city hey so i'm here with ayana and
we're going to show you what to wear in
europe in the winter so when i travel to
europe i like to go as the Europeans go
rather than sick to my same american
style so what I've decided to do is stop
iono in all European designers so from
head to toe this coat right here is
perfect for the wintertime because it's
insulated and padded in the front in the
back but the sleeves are kind of like a
sock and they're really long when
they're extended and you roush it up
kind of like a sweater a long sleeve
t-shirt at that type of feel it leaves
your arms really free to move around
when you're traveling throughout Europe
and of course these snakes in gloves I
mean they're just too chic you have to
try and assimilate kind of with European
style so we chose these gloves and they
have like kind of a cutout detail where
they come up on the hand which is really
really fly you're going to want to keep
your hands warm and you're going to want
to be able to you know explore while
you're traveling in Europe so leather
gloves are the best option let's see
what else the bag this pouch coin purse
pouch is really cute really fun because
the textures the scarf is really chic
and my experience Europeans love scarves
think Hermes so this bag is really cute
you can keep you know your makeup your
credit cards whatever you need you don't
need to kind of weigh yourself down with
lots of items when you're going about
just need the essentials so this bag is
really cute for that you can't forget
the shades oversized dramatic but still
kind of lightweight it has a lightweight
feel great for traveling in Europe and
the wintertime once again I'm
gee from Dendi design com and i'm here
at swing boutique in harlem new york
city thanks for watching